OK real quick I'm going to show you what comes with this course.
So the first thing that you get with this course is you get the 50 free assets that I promised to you
and these are just assets that I've created for you for your own use.
You can use them in your own projects or you can work and use them in other people's projects such as
clients.
And what we have here is we have four folders that are full of different assets and they're split up
into different sections of the first folder has the shapes here the next folder has these really cool
looking doors that you can use in different ways and your backgrounds.
Third folder is plants.
And the last folder is Windows or our windows so you can use these assets over and over again.
And once you go through the course at the very end I'll have a video showing you how to use these assets